[Music]
seven simple exercises for perfect
buttocks thighs and legs do you want to
get slender legs in almost no time here
are seven super effective exercises for
you the best one is the leg raise from
the prone position try it out so get in
shape quickly don't forget a light
warm-up and try to do at least 30 reps
of each set for the best results set 1
lunges with jump changing legs lunge
forward with your left leg holding your
back straight and keeping your right
knee lower than the left one jump up as
high as you can
helping yourself with your arms change
your legs in the air landing in a lunge
position with your right leg begin with
10 to 12 reps changing your leg each
time before landing later you can
gradually increase the number of reps to
30 set to jump punches bend your knees a
little and draw your arms back jump
straight up trying to lift your knees as
high as you can this exercise requires
more effort than the others it's
difficult to do 30 jumps on your first
attempt so it's better to divide them
into 3 sets of 10 reps with a one-minute
rest in between set 3 leg raise on the
side this exercise is beneficial both
for your outer thighs and buttocks lie
on your right sides and prop yourself on
your hands put your left hand firmly on
the floor in front of you slowly raise
and lower your right leg without sharp
or high movements repeat with your other
leg set for leg raise on the side
perform this exercise to make your inner
thighs look perfect lie on your right
side and prop yourself on your hand bend
your left leg and put it firmly on the
floor in front of you keeping it still
with your left hand
slowly raise and lower your right leg
without sharp or high movement your
pizzas set for your other leg as well
[Music]
set five dumbbell lunges keep your back
straight with your hands along your side
so keeping straight do reverse lunges
step back with your right leg and then
your left one try making the lunge deep
bending your leg at a right angle you
can use small bottles of water instead
of dumbbells set six side long boughs
with a dumbbell put your left hand on
your waist while holding the dumbbell
and the right one step left bow down
with a straight back and turn your torso
in line with your right leg touch your
left ankle with your right hand keeping
your right leg straight and your left
long bend at the knee repeat for the
other side set seven leg raise from the
prone position prop yourself on your
hands and right knee stretching your
left leg slowly raise your left leg
until it reaches peak height then slowly
lower it back change your leg afterward
and repeat did you find this video
beneficial to you
and give it a thumbs up and share it
with those who want to stay in shape
don't forget to click Subscribe if
you're visiting our channel for the
first time
[Music]